README.md, before:

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Web, Desktop (JVM).

* [/composeApp](./composeApp/src) is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - [commonMain](./composeApp/src/commonMain/kotlin) is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    the [iosMain](./composeApp/src/iosMain/kotlin) folder would be the right place for such calls.
    Similarly, if you want to edit the Desktop (JVM) specific part, the [jvmMain](./composeApp/src/jvmMain/kotlin)
    folder is the appropriate location.

### Build and Run Desktop (JVM) Application

To build and run the development version of the desktop app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE’s toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- on macOS/Linux
  ```shell
  ./gradlew :composeApp:run
  ```
- on Windows
  ```shell
  .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:run
  ```

### Build and Run Web Application

To build and run the development version of the web app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE's toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- for the Wasm target (faster, modern browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
- for the JS target (slower, supports older browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```

---

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html),
[Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/#compose-multiplatform),
[Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm/)…

We would appreciate your feedback on Compose/Web and Kotlin/Wasm in the public Slack channel [#compose-web](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).
If you face any issues, please report them on [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=CMP).

Commit message:

Added details to the README.md file

README.md, after:

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Web, Desktop (JVM).

Audio playback of an MP3 file is done using ComposeMultiplatformMediaPlayer.

The MP3 file is accessed from an HTTP server running on the local machine.

* [/composeApp](./composeApp/src) is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - [commonMain](./composeApp/src/commonMain/kotlin) is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    the [iosMain](./composeApp/src/iosMain/kotlin) folder would be the right place for such calls.
    Similarly, if you want to edit the Desktop (JVM) specific part, the [jvmMain](./composeApp/src/jvmMain/kotlin)
    folder is the appropriate location.

### Build and Run Desktop (JVM) Application

To build and run the development version of the desktop app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE’s toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- on macOS/Linux
  ```shell
  ./gradlew :composeApp:run
  ```
- on Windows
  ```shell
  .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:run
  ```

### Build and Run Web Application

To build and run the development version of the web app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE's toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- for the Wasm target (faster, modern browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
- for the JS target (slower, supports older browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```

---

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html),
[Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/#compose-multiplatform),
[Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm/)…

We would appreciate your feedback on Compose/Web and Kotlin/Wasm in the public Slack channel [#compose-web](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).
If you face any issues, please report them on [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=CMP).
